### Introduction
The [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) or CSP allows a web application to give detailed instructions to the browser about how to handle its content. This usually happens with an HTTP header like:
``` 
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'none'; script-src canitrust.in
```
The above example tells the browser to not load any ressources by default (no images, scripts, etc.) and allows scripts to be only loaded from ``canitrust.in``.

### Problem
Now imagine that a server sends ambiguous or even contradicting CSP headers to the browser, e.g.:
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
[...]
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'none'; script-src foo.canitrust.in
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'self'
[...]
```
As we are on the host ``www.canitrust.in``, the first CSP header in the above example allows scripts to be loaded only from ``foo.canitrust.in``. Contradicting this, the second CSP header allows scripts to be only loaded from ``self`` which results in ``www.canitrust.in`` in this case.

If the requested page now tries to load a script from, e.g. ``foo.canitrust.in`` like this
```
<html>
  <head>
    <script src="http://foo.canitrust.in/script.js" />
  </head>
  <body>[...]</body>
</html>
```
Then, if the browser follows the first CSP header the script in this example should be loaded. If the browser accepts the second CSP though, no script should be loaded as the host is not allowed.

### How does the browser react?
When receiving contradicting CSP headers, the browser now basically has two options:
1. Accept the header which is listed first in the HTTP request and ignore the second.
2. Accept the second header and ignore the first.

This testcase tests which browser chooses which of the two options.