### Introduction
The [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) or CSP allows a web application to give detailed instructions to the browser about how to handle its content. This usually happens with an HTTP header like:
``` 
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'none'; frame-src canitrust.in
```
The above example tells the browser to not load any ressources by default (no images, scripts, etc.) and allows frames and iframes to be only loaded from ``canitrust.in`` through the [frame-src](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/frame-src) directive.

Additionally, the standard defines the broader [child-src](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/child-src) directive, which is checked to decide whether frames and iframes but also web workers can be loaded from a certain source. For frames and iframes the ``child-src`` directive should only be evaluated if the ``frame-src`` directive is absent.

### Problem
A server can now send a CSP header which contains both the ``frame-src`` and the ``child-src`` directive, e.g.:
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
[...]
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'none'; frame-src foo.canitrust.in; child-src bar.canitrust.in
[...]
```
The ``frame-src`` in the CSP header in the above example allows iframes to be loaded only from ``foo.canitrust.in``. Contradicting this, the ``child-src`` in the same header allows iframes to be sourced from ``bar.canitrust.in``.

Now imagine the requested page tries to load an iframe from ``foo.canitrust.in`` or ``bar.canitrust.in`` like this
```
<html>
  <head>[...]</head>
  <body>
      <iframe src="http://foo.canitrust.in"></iframe>
      <iframe src="http://bar.canitrust.in"></iframe>
  </body>
</html>
```
If the browser accepted the ``frame-src`` directive in the CSP header the first iframe in this example should be loaded. If the browser accepts the ``child-src`` directive though, the second iframe should be loaded.

### How does the browser react?
When receiving such contradicting CSP directives, the browser now basically has these options:

1. Accept the ``frame-src`` directive and ignore the ``child-src`` value. This is the correct behaviour as described in the standard.
2. Accept both the ``frame-src`` and the ``child-src`` and load iframes from both values.
3. Accept the ``child-src`` directive and ignore the ``frame-src`` value.
4. Igonre both the ``frame-src`` and the ``child-src`` values and not load iframes from any of these sources.

This testcase tests which browser chooses which of the these options.