### Introduction
[Cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie) are key-value pairs which the server can set in the calling browser, like so:
``` 
Set-Cookie: foo=bar; max-age=3600
```
In the above example, the server sets the cookie ``foo`` with the value ``bar`` and sets the ``max-age`` attribute to 3600 seconds (= 1 hour). This attribute tells the browser to delete this cookie after the specified amount of time in seconds. Another way of setting the deletion time of a cookie is with the ``expires`` attribute and the exact date, e.g.
```
Set-Cookie: foo=bar; expires=Wed, 21 Oct 2015 07:28:00 GMT
```
If both the ``max-age`` and the ``expires`` are set, the ``max-age`` value should have precedence accoriding to the specification. If none of the two values are set, the cookie becomes a session cookie which will be deleted by the browser when the browser session ends.

### Problem
Since both the ``max-age`` and the ``expires`` attributes can be used to control the life span of a cookie, browsers have to make a decision if both attributes are set, e.g.:
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
[...]
Set-Cookie: foo=bar; max-age=3600; expires=Wed, 21 Oct 2050 07:28:00 GMT
[...]
```
In this example, the web site tries to set the cookie ``foo`` with a ``max-age`` value of 1h in the future and additionally with an ``expires`` value a lot further into the future. Therefore, these two attributes contradict each other and the browser has to decide which value to choose.

### How does the browser react?
When the browser receives both a ``max-age`` and an ``expires`` attribute, these two options are possible:

1. The browser chooses the ``max-age`` value and disregards the ``expires`` attribute. This is the correct option according to the specification.
2. The browser chooses the ``expires`` value and disregards the ``max-age`` attribute.

This testcase tests which browser chooses which of these options.