### Introduction
The [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) or CSP allows a web application to give detailed instructions to the browser about how to handle its content. This usually happens with an HTTP header like:
``` 
Content-Security-Policy: script-src 'none'; report-uri /security-alert
```
The above example tells the browser to not execute any Javascript code. An in case of a policy violation, the browser should report to the URL specified in the ``report-uri`` directive.
### Problem
Imagine there is an injection vulnerability that allows attackers to control a part of the Content-Security-Policy header, as shown in the example below.
```
HTTP/1.1 200
[...]
Content-Security-Policy: script-src 'none'; report-uri /security-alert?source=/?id=<injectable>
[...]
```
In such cases, attackers might inject an invalid directive, hoping it to break the whole CSP setting. Following payload was used for the test, note the semi-colon and the underscore at the end.
```
/?id=1;_
```
### How does the browser react?
When the browser receives such CSP header, it has the following two options:
1. It might just ignores the invalid part and ``still apply the other valid directives``
2. It treats the whole CSP header as an invalid one and ``does not apply any restriction``.  
 
The second option is considered a dangerous behavior as it might allow attackers to bypass strict CSP settings.  
### Credit
The idea of this testcase was first introduced by Gareth Heyes.
[@garethheyes](https://twitter.com/garethheyes), thank you for the cool research!