### Introduction
HTML links with the attribute `target="_blank"` causes the linked target opened in a new tab. The website in den target tab is then connected to the parent tab via the so called `opener` object. This object contains the URL of the paraent tab in `opener.location`. JavaScript in the target tab can modify the `opener` object and cause the parent tab to load an arbitrary URL.
In such an situation, the application from the parent tab is vulnerable to [reverse tabnabbing](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Reverse_Tabnabbing).

#### Reverse Tabnabbing
Reverse Tabnabbing is an attack that can be exploited when a web page in tab A (parent tab) points to a target page with the `target="_blank"` attribute, which is then opened in tab B (target tab). The target page is prepared by an attacker and contains JavaScript that causes another web page to be loaded in tab A, e.g. a phishing page. 

#### Example
Imagine an attacker has control over the link in your application. He can create a link to a website under his control. There he adds JavaScript which reads and modifies the location of the parent tab.
An attacker therefore gets the URL of the vulnerable application and furthermore, can cause the parent tab to load an arbitrary website, for example a phishing website which displays a copy of the legit login page of the vulnerable application. For example via the following JavaScript:
``opener.location = http://login.app1ication.com``
*(The 1 in the domain name is an example of how attackers fake legit domain names.)*
The loading of the new website in the parant tab occures in the background and is therefore hardly noted by any user.
### Investigation
Is the application protected against Reverse Tabnabbing when the attacker has no control over the linked target? What happens when the user clicks on further links in the target tab or manuelly enters a new URL there? This test case investigates how long the `opener` object remains in the target tab, and therefore could be exploited by an attacker.

#### For which user actions does the opener object remains accessible?

The user clicks on a link vulnerable to reverse tabnabbing (`taget=_blank` and missing `rel="noopener noreferrer"`). Is there an `opener` object created and at which user actions does it remain accessible? 

 1. No `opener` object created at all. 

 2. The `opener` object exists at the website opened with the vulnerable link. 

 3. The `opener` object is still accessible after clicking another link in the target tab. 

 4. The `opener` object remains after the user enters a new URL in the target tab.