### Introduction
The [Strict-Transport-Security](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security) HTTP header, often called HSTS, instructs the browser how SSL/TLS should be handled for this web site, e.g.:
``` 
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000
```
The above example tells the browser a number of things:
1. This web site must only be called via HTTPS, never via HTTP.
2. If an HTTP connection for this web site is requested, the browser automatically upgrades to HTTPS.
3. This setting will be stored in the browaser for 31536000 seconds or 1 year.

This header is an important defence against man-in-the-middle attacks where an attacker tries to intercept connections before the SSL encryption is active and change HTTPS links to HTTP (so-called [SSL stripping](https://moxie.org/software/sslstrip/) attacks).

### Problem
Imagine the server sends two separate ``Strict-Transport-Security`` headers with contradicting ``max-age`` values like this:
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
[...]
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=123
[...]
```
In this example, the two ``max-age`` values greatly differ: The first value tells the browser to keep up the HSTS protection for 1 year whereas the second value only stores the HSTS setting for a bit over 2 minutes. If the browser accepted the second header, the protection would be virtually non-existant.

### How does the browser react?
When the browser receives such contradicting HSTS headers when loading a web site, it has the following two options:

1. Only accept the last ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header received from the server and ignore any previous headers.
2. Only accept the first ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header received from the server and ignore any headers afterwards.
3. Only accept the ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header with the longest ``max-age`` value and ignore the rest.
4. Only accept the ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header with the shortest ``max-age`` value and ignore the rest.

All of these options make sense to a certain degree and none of them can be considered the correct solution in our opinion. This testcase tests which browser chooses which of these options.