### Introduction
[Cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie) are key-value pairs which the server can set in the calling browser, like so:
``` 
Set-Cookie: foo=bar; Domain=example.com
```
In the above example, the server sets the cookie ``foo`` with the value ``bar`` and sets the domain for which this cookie should be sent. If the domain attribute is set, it will be valid for all subdomains as well. If the domain attribute is not set, the browser will default to the current host, not including subdomains.

If a request is made to a server, the browser will automatically send all cookies stored for this [origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Origin) or stored for the domain if the domain attribute is set.

### Problem
Now imagine that a server sends a ``Set-Cookie`` header to the browser which contains a domain attribute that points to a foreign domain (a domain that is not a parent domain of the current host), e.g.:
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
[...]
Set-Cookie: foo=bar; Domain=example.com
[...]
```
In this example, the current web site is hosted on ``www.canitrust.in`` but the server tries to set a cookie for the foreign domain ``example.com``. This should not be possible as it would allow a rouge website to set cookies on other websites on foreign domains. This could cause functionality disruptions keading to denial-of-service.

### How does the browser react?
When receiving such foreign values for the domain attribute in ``Set-Cookie`` headers, the browser now has two options:

1. Ignore a cookie definition with a foreign domain value. This is the correct and secure implementation.
2. Accept the cookie anyways and serve it to the foreign domain when it is called the next time.

This testcase tests which browser chooses which of these options.