### Introduction
[Cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie) are key-value pairs which the server can set in the calling browser, like so:
``` 
Set-Cookie: foo=bar; HttpOnly
```
In the above example, the server sets the cookie ``foo`` with the value ``bar`` and sets the HttpOnly flag. This flag prevents all access to this cookie from JavaScript functions like the ``Document.cookie`` object or through XHR calls. This is an important function to prevent [Cross-site Scripting (XSS) attacks](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-site_Scripting_(XSS)).

If a request is made to a server, the browser will automatically send all cookies stored for this [origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Origin). This is particularly usefull for [session management](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Session_Management_Cheat_Sheet.html#cookies) where cookies will be used to store session identifiers (session IDs). This behaviour makes such session cookies highly security relevant.

### Problem
Now imagine the following HTML code:
```
<html>
  <head>[...]</head>
  <body>
    <script>
      document.cookie = "foo=bar; HttpOnly";
    </script>
    <script>
      alert(document.cookie);
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```
In this example, the web site tries to set the cookie ``foo`` with the value ``bar`` and with the ``HttpOnly`` flag set. In the second script block it then tries to read the cookie from the ``Document.cookie`` object.

If any of these actions would be possible, the browser would have a serious security vulnerability as many web sites rely on the HttpOnly flag to prevent XSS attacks.

### How does the browser react?
When the browser receives JavaScript code that tries to set and read HttpOnly cookies, the following results are possible:

1. The browser does neither allow the setting nor the reading of HttpOnly cookies through JavaScript. This is the correct and safe implementation.
2. The browser allows both setting and reading HttpOnly cookies. This option would be a serious security vulnerability.
3. The browser allows setting cookies with the HttpOnly flag, but then does not allow reading them afterwards.

This testcase tests which browser chooses which of these options.